my dear friend, we arrived in the kitchen
day as I mentioned right now we are going to
be doing balls of hedonist or
be the same mass of the area more or less
a little bit in the middle and that's how they look like
the little ball
fever for show girls we have
here we have two cups of flour
wheat being my list was that this would make it
we have here a spoonful and a
teaspoon baking powder ok one
spoonful and a teaspoon of powder
bake note well that this what makes
that grows more and it 's okay that the arm
this is what is happening right now
like puerto rico de las chicas
the good news please say he says
says 49
see the hard dominican republic
this term
at daytime
Playing
lost the first set
and I think this is this draw
here we have as I mentioned two cups of
flour and three tablespoons and one
teaspoon baking powder I added
two tablespoons of sugar to accompany
then a little bit of salt a pinch
of saleh let's make a hole for
here over here we are going to add an egg
whole we put here and a rate that
they are going to mix
free
pour a mass like this
and I know he has a little tangerine
add a little bit to the side and we're going to do
this we count here the hands
your hand so that it does not stick
here again and more or less
balls of this size this is a
approximately as a size
spoonful this one passes a little bit more
big thank you but for it to cook
good couple in latin size
similar to this approximately when
sound like one of its people like a
scoop things that winfrey is known
they are fried it seems and we come to ni
rhythm has felt hot and we proceed to
fry them well chéveres on both sides
I would tell them that like a minute and a half
on each side because they are already cooked
quickie and from the point is that it
doren abc pains then do not stop
Once they are golden, they look like that
carlitos is fine you can already appreciate
the here and I put sugar of x for
what can it do also that
I have a little honey here and also a
little agave in small and sugar
of islands, submerge a little in honey or
agave and it's done
as if not
look what a delight the pretty balls
thank Louise for all
ingredients and today what are the
specials in the driver that are the
kings of seafood and you get
loíza all in place and have already go
to be in my facebook chef in cardona
I hope that at home and share in
family money puerto rico case
up water we already follow the day to day